what's up guys my name is marco J and
this is a free-for-all on innovation I
caught the invasion yes if we for all
invasion and my weapon is a scar-h
silence my perks UAV here's strike and
it pig will and you know whenever you
play free-for-all you know you just want
to grab an area down and just hold it
down just let's kill people you know the
reason why is because the spawn system
on this game is ridiculous
and if free-for-all is even more
ridiculous it's you'd be surprised where
somebody will spawn in it you know when
I play free-for-all once not one time
but like a lot of times and I spawn
right next to somebody's it's really
just retarded so to stop that from you
know from so you won't get killed by
somebody like that you know this holding
area down and just you know predict
where the spawn points are and just wait
for people spawn and just go that's why
I do but I don't try to you know hide in
the corner like that I don't try to camp
but you know I don't try to you know
rushing around because you know it
spawns so yeah and in this room there
like an r1 few games in this room and
they're just talking like oh the
mortgagee let's go let's get the
mortgagee up a spawn good to get him out
of his part guys sure like I'll run over
here trying to shoot me out of spot and
like trying new to me but what they
don't know is they're not wearing nutria
Pro and I have a headset so alright I
hear before we even get in here so
that's why I went in this game you see
me looking around and you might be
asking like hey how'd you know he was
there walk in here I'm walking on my
heads-up so that's why this guy fucks up
right here
I love killing people with spaz like one
shot and you feel so good into it it's
like I gotcha bitch
that's how so that's not like using a
spaz so much it's not my favorite
shotgun my favorite shotgun is a twelve
but uh but spaz you know just that one
shot kill it just makes you feel good
and yeah Charles Harry now I'm trying to
get a table
look at those guys trying to sneak up on
me that's all let's do it you know I can
hear his guy walking you know she's new
to batting and already got my pelo so I
didn't really care about dying because
you know if I died I just get another
paper so it's all good I just gave me a
bigger chance of winning inside just
killing people and you know I'm really
care about flawless games and
free-for-all because it gets kind of
boring to me when I do it but I don't
know I like killstreak says they make
the game fun if I want to just run
around shoot people and I go play Halo
so I really enjoy using the killstreaks
that's why I use like the Hyksos treats
and you know all the all the the ones
that get you a lot of kills I usually
use those yeah it's that's fast man get
them off guard don't know what happened
no eyes are just like my eyes are just
hurting so bad right now I have like the
biggest headache my head is just bumping
like a stereo you know on the base just
dude this is bumping yeah so you just I
just kill money's fine you know we're
all it's fun no I enjoy playing it and
if you're gonna hold spot down you wanna
hold claymores
put claymores by doorways and you know
don't keep putting them at the same spot
unless people that people just keep
falling for it I try to switch it up a
little bit when I put claymores down
because eventually people they'll catch
on and that you sit Rep that's what this
white Raven guy just killed yeah
every time I kill him he puts it rip on
and you keep coming back trying to kill
me and I should some no and I don't be
revenge killer I can understand if
you're trying to kill somebody but if
you keep coming back to me you know four
times in a row and I still keep killing
you then you should go through different
spot so as you can see everybody's keeps
coming to me now that actually helped me
yeah sit look I'm trying to do them
actually helped me yeah because you know
I'm keep killing them and they're just
gonna make me one even easier rather
than me have to struggle to find my
kills they're just you know they're
finding me you know there's just a quick
game for you guys will be enjoyed and I
know soon are new to get in here so I'm
just I don't want to die anymore
something's gonna run away and yeah
thought our smite coming so I did I
thought the prayer of this is gonna kill
me so I jumped out and since I was down
I was I might as well just go faster by
and comb what the payload do work hey
blue
yeah guys just a quick game you know
none special just a quick game for you
guys you know pave low is a beast yet
ass game everybody my name is mark Jeff
my final score is 31 and see you guys
later